adding commands to specify project config location (#4981)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/cli-using-understand-profiles-configs.md

## Zowe client side terminology

As of Zowe V2, Zowe CLI relies on the profiles stored in configuration files to obtain connection information.

Both *user* and *team* profiles are stored in configuration files, and these configuration files can either be *project* configuration files or *global* configuration files. It is helpful to understand how these differ.

- A **user configuration file** stores *user profiles* and is used for one person who needs their own unique properties to run commands.
    - Created with the command `zowe config init --user-config`.

- A **team configuration file** stores *team profiles* and is used by a group of people who need the same properties to run commands.
    - Created with the command `zowe config init`.

- A **global configuration file** resides in the `ZOWE_CLI_HOME` directory (YourUserHomeDirectory/.zowe, by default). It contains global *user profiles* and global *team profiles*.
    - Created with the commands `zowe config init --global-config` or `zowe config init --user-config --global-config`.
- A **project configuration file** resides in a directory of your choice. It contains project *user profiles* and project *team profiles*.

>     - Created with the command `zowe config init`. There can be multiple project configuration files. To define the directory for a configuration file, issue the `zowe config init` command from the directory you want the project configuration applied. 

Reviewer: I understand we are trying to respond to this query:

> "I cannot find where to specify this directory of my choice."

However, I do find this a bit strange. What does it mean to "specify the directory" for a configuration file? It feels a little bit backwards since the configuration file is inside the directory. 

---

NPM has a similar configuration file. 
_Source_: https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/configuring-npm/npmrc#per-project-config-file

What do we think about the following suggestion:

```suggestion
    - Created with the command `zowe config init`. There can be multiple project configuration files. When working locally in a project, a configuration file created with the `zowe config init` command will determine the connection details used in that project.
```

Reviewer 2: I am going to take a different swing at replacing the paragraph "- Created with the command ...". We might improve my wording below, but my intent is to convey that users determine and create their own directories for their project-specific work. Zowe simply lets you create different Zowe config files in each of those project directories.

- When your work on different projects is separated into different directories, you can create different Zowe configuration files in each such project directory by running the `zowe config init` command in each directory. Such Zowe project configuration files only affect your actions while you are within that particular directory.

Author: @zFernand0 @gejohnston: From what I understand, the point of the issue is that we need to explain the steps a user needs to follow to designate a config file as a "project" config file (versus a global file). 

Edited the text to create yet another draft for this sub-bullet, please lmk your thoughts:

- Created with the command `zowe config init`. There can be multiple project configuration files. To designate a directory for a configuration file, issue the `zowe config init` command from the directory you want the project configuration applied. Project configuration files affect actions performed only while you are within that file's designated directory.

This can mean working with files that have conflicting configurations. One file can specify that a certain profile property has a value of `ABC`, while another file uses `XYZ` as a value.

> When the same properties have different values across multiple configuration files, Zowe CLI looks for the narrowest scope with the most specific application by following a two-step check:

Reviewer: > looks for the narrowest scope with the most specific application

It might be just me, but the above feels a bit excessive. 

Will it help to reverse the order of this sentence?
```suggestion
Zowe CLI follows a two-step check when the same properties have different values across multiple configuration files.
```

If I'm the only one confused by this, please disregard 🙏 
or: Please disregard if I'm the only one confused by this. 😅

Author: My concern w/ the original wording is that it didn't clarify that the two-step check was looking for narrower/more specific configs. The original wording simply said, "Zowe CLI follows a two-step check to determine which configurations apply:". To me, it's important to clarify what exactly Zowe CLI is looking for when doing this check.
